Add "life of a search query" documentation (#5574)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: cmd/query-runner/README.md

# query-runner

> Periodically runs saved searches and sends notification emails. Only one replica should be running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Periodically runs search queries, determines the difference in results, and sends notifications (this is saved searches). Only one replica runs.
```

Reviewer 2: FWIW, the original "Periodically runs saved searches" made me go "ahh, so that's what it does" whereas the second version loses some of that "_this_ enables _that_ feature" clarity.

Author: ```suggestion
Periodically runs saved searches,  determines the difference in results, and sends notification emails. There should be only one replica.
```

> Periodically runs saved searches, determines the difference in results, and sends notification emails. There should be only one replica.

Reviewer 3: >There should be only one replica.

By "should", it suggests a best practice or a constraint?

Author: ```suggestion
Periodically runs saved searches, determines the difference in results, and sends notification emails. It is a singleton service by design so there must only be one replica.
```
